Add code tabs for _tour/implicit-conversions (#2565)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _tour/implicit-conversions.md

redirect_from: "/tutorials/tour/implicit-conversions.html"
---

{% tabs implicit-conversions_1 class=tabs-scala-version %}
{% tab 'Scala 2' for=implicit-conversions_1 %}

An implicit conversion from type `S` to type `T` is defined by an implicit value which has function type `S => T`, or by an implicit method convertible to a value of that type.

{% endtab %}
{% tab 'Scala 3' for=implicit-conversions_1 %}

> An implicit conversion from type `S` to type `T` is defined by an `implicit def` of type `S => T`, or by a `given` instance of type `conversion[S, T]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implicit conversion from type `S` to type `T` is defined by an `implicit def` of type `S => T`, or by a `given` instance of type `Conversion[S, T]`.
```

> An implicit conversion from type `S` to type `T` is defined by an `implicit def` of type `S => T`, or by a `given` instance of type `conversion[S, T]`.

Reviewer: I think its better to go all-in on the Scala 3 way to do things
```suggestion
An implicit conversion from type `S` to type `T` is defined by a `given` instance of type `scala.Conversion[S, T]`.
```

In the first case, a conversion `c` is searched for which is applicable to `e` and whose result type conforms to `T`.
In the second case, a conversion `c` is searched for which is applicable to `e` and whose result contains a member named `m`.

{% tabs implicit-conversions_2 class=tabs-scala-version %}
{% tab 'Scala 2' for=implicit-conversions_2 %}

If an implicit method `List[A] => Ordered[List[A]]` is in scope, as well as an implicit method `Int => Ordered[Int]`, the following operation on the two lists of type `List[Int]` is legal:

{% endtab %}
{% tab 'Scala 3' for=implicit-conversions_2 %}

If an implicit method `List[A] => Ordered[List[A]]` is in scope, as well as a `given`instance of `Conversion[Int, Ordered[Int]]`, the following operation on the two lists of type `List[Int]` is legal:

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

{% tabs implicit-conversions_3 %}

> {% tab 'Scala 2 and 3' for=implicit-conversions_3 %}

Reviewer: I think it looks better if this code example is duplicated in both of the above tabs, rather than making a separate tab group

    def compare(that: List[A]): Int = 1
  }
```
{% endtab %}
{% tab 'Scala 3' for=implicit-conversions_4 %}

An example of a `given` instance of `Conversion[List[A], Ordered[List[A]]` is provided below.

```scala
import scala.language.implicitConversions

given list2ordered[A](using A => Ordered[A]): Conversion[List[A], Ordered[List[A]]] with
  def apply(xs: List[A]): Ordered[List[A]] = new Ordered[List[A]]:
    //replace with a more useful implementation
    def compare(ys: List[A]): Int = 1
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

The implicitly imported object `scala.Predef` declares several aliases to frequently used types (e.g. `scala.collection.immutable.Map` is aliased to `Map`) and methods (e.g. `assert`) but also several implicit conversions.

For example, when calling a Java method that expects a `java.lang.Integer`, you are free to pass it a `scala.Int` instead. That's because Predef includes the following implicit conversions:

{% tabs implicit-conversions_5 %}
{% tab 'Scala 2 and 3' for=implicit-conversions_5 %}
```scala mdoc
import scala.language.implicitConversions

implicit def int2Integer(x: Int): java.lang.Integer =

>     x.asInstanceOf[java.lang.Integer]

Reviewer: not sure why this change to cast was made
